Bugfix/typos in docs (#104)
redhat-cop/cloud.vmware_ops: roles/provision_vm/README.md

### Provisioning a VM
- **provision_vm_name**  (string, Required):
    - Name of the virtual machine to manage.
    - Virtual machine names in vCenter are not necessarily unique which may be problematic.

>       If multiple virtual machines with same name exists, then `provision_vm_folder` is required parameter to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      If multiple virtual machines with the same name exist, then `provision_vm_folder` is required parameter to
```

      identify uniqueness of the virtual machine. You can also set `provision_vm_name_match` to control how multiple matching VM names are handled.
    - The parameter is required if the virtual machine does not already exist.
    - This parameter is case sensitive.

- **provision_vm_uuid**  (string):
    - The instance UUID of the virtual machine to manage.
    - This is required if `provision_vm_name` is not supplied.
    - Note that a supplied UUID will be ignored on virtual machine creation, as VMware creates the UUID internally.

>       If virtual machine does not exists, then this parameter is ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      If virtual machine does not exist, then this parameter is ignored.
```

    - This parameter is case sensitive.
    - If set, this overrides customization parameter values.

- **provision_vm_customvalues** (list)
    - Define a list of custom values to set on virtual machine.
    - Each element in the list should have a `key` and `value` attribute.
    - Incorrect key and values will be ignored.
    - Example `[{key: foo, value: bar}]`

- **provision_vm_delete_from_inventory** (boolean):
    - If true the virtual machine's disks will not be deleted when `provision_vm_state` is `absent`, but the VM will still be removed from the vSphere inventory.
    - Choices:
        - false (default)
        - true

- **provision_vm_disk** (list):
    - A list of disks to add.
    - This parameter is case sensitive.
    - Shrinking disks is not supported.
    - Removing existing disks of the virtual machine is not supported.
    - Attributes `controller_type`, `controller_number`, and `unit_number` are used to configure multiple types of disk controllers and disks for creating or reconfiguring virtual machine.
    - Each item in the list may have the following attributes:
    * size:
        - description:
            - Disk storage size.

>             - You should include the storage unit like 100kb, 100mb, etc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            - You should include the storage unit such as 100kb, 100mb, etc
```

        - description:
            - Type of disk.
            - If not specified, disk type is inherited from the source VM or template when cloned and thick disk, no eagerzero otherwise.
        - type: str
        - choices: [ 'thin', 'thick', 'eagerzeroedthick' ]
    * datastore:
        - type: str
        - description:
            - The name of datastore which will be used for the disk.
            - If `autoselect_datastore` is set to True, will select the less used datastore whose name contains this `datastore` string.
    * filename:
        - type: str
        - description:
            - Existing disk image to be used.
            - Filename must already exist on the datastore.
            - Specify filename string in `[datastore_name] path/to/file.vmdk` format.
    * autoselect_datastore:
        - type: bool
        - description:
            - Select the less used datastore.
            - `datastore` and `autoselect_datastore` will not be used if `provision_vm_datastore` is specified.
    * disk_mode:
        - type: str
        - choices: ['persistent', 'independent_persistent', 'independent_nonpersistent']
        - description:
            - Type of disk mode.

>             - If `persistent` specified, changes are immediately and permanently written to the virtual disk. This is default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            - If `persistent` is specified, changes are immediately and permanently written to the virtual disk. This is default.
```

>             - If `independent_persistent` specified, same as persistent, but not affected by snapshots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            - If `independent_persistent` is specified, same as persistent, but not affected by snapshots.
```

>             - If `independent_nonpersistent` specified, changes to virtual disk are made to a redo log and discarded at power off, but not affected by snapshots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            - If `independent_nonpersistent` is specified, changes to virtual disk are made to a redo log and discarded at power off, but not affected by snapshots.
```

    * controller_type:
        - type: str
        - choices: ['buslogic', 'lsilogic', 'lsilogicsas', 'paravirtual', 'sata', 'nvme']
        - description:
            - Type of disk controller.

>             - Set this type on not supported ESXi or VM hardware version will lead to failure in deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            - Setting this type on not supported ESXi or VM hardware version will lead to deployment failure.
```

        - type: int
        - description:
            - Disk Unit Number.
            - Valid value range from 0 to 15 for SCSI controller, except 7.
            - Valid value range from 0 to 14 for NVME controller.
            - Valid value range from 0 to 29 for SATA controller.
            - `controller_type`, `controller_number` and `unit_number` are required when creating or reconfiguring VMs with multiple types of disk controllers and disks.
            - When creating new VM, the first configured disk in the `provision_vm_disk` list will be "Hard Disk 1".

- **provision_vm_encryption** (dictionary):
    - Manage virtual machine encryption settings
    - All parameters case sensitive.
    - The dictionary may have the following attributes:
    * encrypted_vmotion:
        - type: str
        - description: Controls encryption for live migrations with vmotion
        - choices: ['disabled', 'opportunistic', 'required']
    * encrypted_ft:
        - type: str
        - description: Controls encryption for fault tolerance replication
        - choices: ['disabled', 'opportunistic', 'required']

- **provision_vm_force** (boolean):
    - Ignore warnings and complete the actions.

>     - This parameter is useful while removing virtual machine which is powered on state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - This parameter is useful while removing virtual machine that is in powered on state.
```

            - If set to latest, the specified virtual machine will be upgraded to the most current hardware version supported on the host.
            - Please check VMware documentation for correct virtual machine hardware version.
            - Incorrect hardware version may lead to failure in deployment. If hardware version is already equal to the given.
    * boot_firmware:
        - type: str
        - description: Choose which firmware should be used to boot the virtual machine.
        - choices: [ 'bios', 'efi' ]
    * nested_virt:
        - type: bool
        - description: Enable nested virtualization capabbilities.
    * virt_based_security:
        - type: bool
        - description:
            - Enable Virtualization Based Security feature for Windows on ESXi 6.7 and later, from hardware version 14.
            - Supported Guest OS are Windows 10 64 bit, Windows Server 2016, Windows Server 2019 and later.
            - The firmware of virtual machine must be EFI and secure boot must be enabled.
            - Virtualization Based Security depends on nested virtualization and Intel Virtualization Technology for Directed I/O.

>             - Deploy on unsupported ESXi, hardware version or firmware may lead to failure or deployed VM with unexpected configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            - Deploying on unsupported ESXi, hardware version or firmware may lead to failure or deployed VM with unexpected configurations.
```

    - VM virtual hardware version must be 14 or higher on vSphere 6.7 or later.
    - Verify that guest OS of the virtual machine supports PMem before adding virtual NVDIMM device.
    - Verify that you have the Datastore.Allocate space privilege on the virtual machine.
    - Make sure that the host or the cluster on which the virtual machine resides has available PMem resources.
    - To add or remove virtual NVDIMM device to the existing virtual machine, it must be in power off state.
    - The dictionary should have the following structure:
    * state:
        - type: str
        - description:
            - If set to `absent`, then the NVDIMM device with specified `label` will be removed.
        - choices: ['present', 'absent']
    * size_mb:
        - type: int
        - description: Virtual NVDIMM device size in MB.
        - default: 1024
    * label:
        - type: str
        - description:
            - The label of the virtual NVDIMM device to be removed or configured, e.g., "NVDIMM 1".
            - This parameter is required when `provision_vm_nvdimm.state` is `absent` or `present` to reconfigure NVDIMM device

>               size. When add a new device, please do not set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              size. When adding a new device, please do not set it.
```
